{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1334
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15700\viewh11160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 XBox 360 Controller driver for Mac OS X
\b0\fs24 \
Copyright (C) 2006-2013 Colin Munro\
Copyright (C) 2014 Steve Luzynski\
\
Project page: http://sluzynsk.github.io/360Controller\
Project repo: https://github.com.io/sluzynsk/360Controller\
More info at: http://www.luzynski.com\
\

\b\fs30 About
\b0\fs24 \
This driver supports the Microsoft Xbox 360 controller, including access to rumble motors and LEDs,\
on the Mac OS X platform. It includes a plugin for the Apple Force Feedback Framework so some games\
will be able to activate them, along with a Preference Pane with which allows you to test everything\
is installed correctly. Both wired 360 controllers connected via USB, and wireless 360 controllers\
connected via the Wireless Gaming Receiver for Windows, are supported.\
\
The driver was originally created by Colin Munro. In 2014, I contacted Colin offering my help in updating the\
driver to run properly under Mac OS X 10.10 "Yosemite". My email went unanswered. Given that Colin has\
not updated the driver in over a year, and that he has not answered my attempts at contacting him, I have\
decided to fork the driver and update it. If Colin and I do sync up we will likely re-merge efforts;\
for now consider this version to be the definitive version for newer versions of Mac OS.\
\
As for why it needed updating - starting with 10.10, Apple requires that kexts (device drivers) for Mac\
follow some new rules. One of them is that they be digitally signed by a paid Mac developer. In order\
to sign the driver I needed to be able to build it; as my development machine is 10.10 based I was forced\
to update the driver to compile on 10.10. This required many changes which are outlined in the developer section below.\
\

\b\fs30 Licence
\b0\fs24 \
This driver is licensed under the GNU Public License. A copy of this license is included in the\
distribution file, please inspect it before using the binary or source.\
\

\b\fs30 Installation
\b0\fs24 \
Simply complete the installer package to install the driver. The driver will recommend you restart -\
if you do not, the driver will only be usable if the controller is already connected or connected\
within a minute after the installer completes. If you are interested in installing as a developer please see below.}